Update project readme (#38)
whichdigital/fe-techtest: readme.md

We have provided [Jest] to test your code which is a fully featured testing framework. It includes a test runner, assertions, and mock functions.

[React]: https://reactjs.org/
[TypeScript]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/
[Webpack]: https://webpack.js.org/
[Babel]: https://babeljs.io/
[server]: https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server
[Jest]: https://jestjs.io/

### Requirements

To get started you'll need to make sure you have the following software tools installed:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) (version 12 or higher is required)
- [npm](http://npmjs.com/) (this should be installed along with Node.js)

### Installation and setup

1. Clone this Git repository and change to the new directory that has been created:

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/whichdigital/fe-techtest.git --depth 1
    cd fe-techtest
    ```

2. Install all of the project dependencies using npm:

    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

3. Once installed you can run the Webpack development server:

    ```sh
    npm start
    ```

>     Now open [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) in your browser and you should see a basic HTML page and if you open the developer console in the browser you should see a welcome message which confirms everything is loading and running correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Now open [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) in your browser and you should see a basic HTML page. 
    
    If you open the developer console in the browser, you should see a welcome message which confirms everything is loading and running correctly.
```

>     You will need to press `ctrl + c` to stop the server.

Reviewer: A bit nitpicky but I think this is a bit clearer, because if you're skim reading you might end up thinking `will need to` means you should do it right now

Also using the `kbd` tags makes it look nice 😄 

```suggestion
    To stop the server when no longer needed, you can press <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>c</kbd> in the terminal.
```

4. And to run your tests use the following command:

    ```sh
    npm test
    ```

## The exercise

### Goal

> We would like you to create a client-side web application to help a child understand multiplication. Your application will display a grid of numbers, when a child selects a number the multiples of that chosen number will be highlighted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would like you to create a client-side web application to help a child understand multiplication. Your application will display a grid of numbers. When a child selects a number, the multiples of that chosen number should be highlighted.
```

### Functional requirements

> - The application will display numbers from 1 to 144.
> - When a number is clicked all numbers which are a multiple of the chosen number must be highlighted.
> - When a new number is chosen the previously highlighted numbers must be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The application must display numbers from 1 to 144.
- When a number is clicked, all numbers which are a multiple of the chosen number must be highlighted.
- When a subsequent number is clicked, all numbers which are a multiple of the new number must be highlighted. Any numbers which are **not** multiples of the new number should no longer be highlighted.
```

The source files are located in `src/`. If you change a file, webpack will reload your files and refresh the browser for you.
    ```sh
    npm test
    ```

### Test
## The exercise

You can run the example tests:
### Goal

`$ npm test`
We would like you to create a client-side web application to help a child understand multiplication. Your application will display a grid of numbers, when a child selects a number the multiples of that chosen number will be highlighted.

## The exercise
### Functional requirements

__Goal__: Production of a client-side Web application to help a child understand multiplication.
- The application will display numbers from 1 to 144.
- When a number is clicked all numbers which are a multiple of the chosen number must be highlighted.
- When a new number is chosen the previously highlighted numbers must be updated.

> __Duration__: This test is intended to take ~2 hours but may take more

Reviewer: I'm not sure I liked the way it was written before, but I do like having an idea of having an expectation of time spent. I'm guessing you discussed this and decided to remove it? 

Could phrase it something like `You should spend a maximum of about two hours on this task`?

Author: The worry was that by stating an expected time somebody is more likely to spend that amount of time on it - which is anecdotally true.

Instead, we plan to update the guidance that our recruitment team give candidates depending on their experience.

Reviewer 2: That makes a lot of sense!

Reviewer: That makes a lot of sense!

> - Each number must be within a large clickable box.
> - Each number must be horizontally and vertically centered within their clickable box.
> - The boxes must be laid out evenly within a grid.
> - On mobile and small screen devices 1 number must be displayed in each grid row.
> - On tablet and middle sized devices 2 numbers must be displayed in each grid row.
> - On desktop and large screen devices 3 numbers must be displayed in each grid row.
> - The grid should have a maximum width so that the clickable boxes do not get too large.
> - The grid should be horizontally centered on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each number must be within a large clickable box.
- Each number must be horizontally and vertically centered within their clickable box.
- The boxes must be laid out evenly within a grid.
- On mobile and small screen devices, one number must be displayed in each grid row.
- On tablet and middle sized devices, two numbers must be displayed in each grid row.
- On desktop and large screen devices, three numbers must be displayed in each grid row.
- The grid should have a maximum width so that the clickable boxes do not get too large.
- The grid should be horizontally centered on the screen.
```

* Clear project structure and conventions.
* How readable and understandable your code is.
* The performance of your completed application.

> You won’t be assessed on design at all, so please don’t worry how it looks.

Reviewer: Just a random thing unrelated to the README, and not really up to me to decide, but do we really not assess on design at all? I feel like part of the job is making things look good when you don't always have concrete designs. Obviously it's not the main factor to assess on though

Also I feel like it kind of contradicts having the 'visual requirements' in some ways because some of those could be argued to be design related (e.g. centring and picking a suitable maximum width)

Author: Beyond the visual criteria listed and need for elements to be highlighted, there's no mention of design at all in the [grading criteria](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n8xWpDNkHLG8mogq4F1kneLK-fxXQoXW1NSr7gu493E/edit).

- The boxes must be laid out evenly within a grid.
- On mobile and small screen devices, one number must be displayed in each grid row.
- On tablet and middle sized devices, two numbers must be displayed in each grid row.
- On desktop and large screen devices, three numbers must be displayed in each grid row.
- The grid should have a maximum width so that the clickable boxes do not get too large.
- The grid should be horizontally centered on the screen.

### Other

We'd appreciate it if you could update this readme with additional information about your solution. Things to mention might include the tools used, alternative solutions considered, improvements you'd like to make, or things you'd do differently if you had more time.

### Criteria for assessment

Your completed test exercise will be marked according to a score sheet. We will focus on the following areas:

* That your solution meets the requirements.
* How accessible your application is.
* Your approach to testing the application.
* The use of responsive design.
* Clear project structure and conventions.
* How readable and understandable your code is.
* The performance of your completed application.

> You won’t be assessed on design at all, so please don’t worry how it looks.

Reviewer 3: Do we need the word `about` between `worry` and `how` here?
